#系统表
##RowStore用于管理分布式系统及其数据的表。所有系统表都是SYS模式的一部分。


###注意：本节中的许多主题已从Apache Derby文档源文件中进行了修改，并受到Apache许可证的约束： “`根据一个或多个贡献者许可协议授予Apache Software Foundation（ASF）。有关版权所有权的其他信息，请参阅本工作分发的NOTICE文件。ASF根据Apache许可证版本2.0（“许可证”）向您授予此文件;除非符合许可证，否则不得使用此文件，您可以获得许可证的副本
<br/>
<code>
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0<br/>

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,<br/>
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an<br/>
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY<br/>
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the<br/>
   specific language governing permissions and limitations<br/>
   under the License.<br/>
</code>


<code>
    </p>

-   **[ASYNCEVENTLISTENERS](../../reference/system_tables/asynceventlisteners_table.html)**<br/>
   Describes the configuration of AsyncEventListener implementations.<br/>
-   **[GATEWAYRECEIVERS](../../reference/system_tables/gatewayreceivers_table.html)**<br/>
   Describes the configuration of gateway receivers in RowStore WAN deployments.<br/>
-   **[GATEWAYSENDERS](../../reference/system_tables/gatewaysenders_table.html)**<br/>
   Describes the configuration of gateway senders in RowStore WAN deployments.<br/>
-   **[INDEXES](../../reference/system_tables/indexes.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that describes table indexes.<br/>
-   **[JARS](../../reference/system_tables/jars.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that describes installed JAR files.<br/>
-   **[MEMBERS](../../reference/system_tables/members.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that contains information about each distributed system member.<br/>
-   **[MEMORYANALYTICS](../../reference/system_tables/memoryanalytics.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that provides information about the overhead and memory usage of user tables and indexes.<br/>
-   **[QUERYSTATS](../../reference/system_tables/querystats.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that contains query execution time statistics for all queries in the distributed system. RowStore collects statistics in this virtual table only if you enable collection using the SYS.SET\_QUERYSTATS procedure.<br/>
-   **[SESSIONS](../../reference/system_tables/sessions.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that stores details about active sessions with the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[STATEMENTPLANS](../../reference/system_tables/statementplans.html)**<br/>
   A RowStore virtual table that stores query execution plans and timing information for SQL statements executed with the EXPLAIN command (or for statements executed on a connection that enables query plans and statistics collection with SYSCS\_UTIL.SET\_EXPLAIN\_CONNECTION and/or SYSCS\_UTIL.SET\_STATISTICS\_TIMING).<br/>
-   **[SYSALIASES](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs28114.html)**<br/>
   Describes procedure result processors that are installed in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSCHECKS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs26665.html)**<br/>
   Describes all check constraints in the RowStore distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSCOLPERMS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabssyscolperms.html)**<br/>
   Stores the column permissions that have been granted but not revoked.<br/>
-   **[SYSCOLUMNS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs22441.html)**<br/>
   Describes the columns within all tables in the RowStore distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSCONGLOMERATES](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs39391.html)**<br/>
   Describes all conglomerates in the RowStore distributed system. A conglomerate is a unit of storage and is either a table or an index.<br/>
-   **[SYSCONSTRAINTS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs23241.html)**<br/>
   Describes the information common to all types of constraints in the distributed system. This includes primary key, unique, foreign key, and check constraints.<br/>
-   **[SYSDEPENDS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs12813.html)**<br/>
   Stores the dependency relationships between persistent objects in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSDISKSTORES](../../reference/system_tables/sysdiskstores.html)**<br/>
   Contains information about all disk stores created in the RowStore distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSFILES](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs40972.html)**<br/>
   Describes jar files stored in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSFOREIGNKEYS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs13420.html)**<br/>
   Describes information specific to foreign key constraints in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSHDFSSTORES](../../reference/system_tables/syshdfsstores.html)**<br/>
   Contains information about all HDFS stores created in the RowStore distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSKEYS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs33921.html)**<br/>
   Describes primary key and unique constraints in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSROLES](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabssysroles.html)**<br/>
   Stores all roles in the distributed system. **Note:** RowStore does not currently use the SYSROLES table.<br/>
-   **[SYSROUTINEPERMS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabssysroutineperms.html)**<br/>
   Stores the permissions that have been granted to routines.<br/>
-   **[SYSSCHEMAS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs12085.html)**<br/>
   Describes all schemas in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSSTATEMENTS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs33768.html)**<br/>
   Describes all prepared statements in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSSTATISTICS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabslilanguageitemsysstatistics.html)**<br/>
   Describes statistics collected in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSTABLEPERMS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabssystableperms.html)**<br/>
   Stores the table permissions that have been granted but not revoked.<br/>
-   **[SYSTABLES](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs24269.html)**<br/>
   Describes the tables and views in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSTRIGGERS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs79888.html)**<br/>
   Describes all triggers in the distributed system.<br/>
-   **[SYSVIEWS](../../reference/system_tables/rrefsistabs24045.html)**<br/>
   Describes the view definitions in the distributed system.<br/>

</code>